feat!: auto resolve deps in lib-mode (#10632)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/build-options.md

Directly customize the underlying Rollup bundle. This is the same as options that can be exported from a Rollup config file and will be merged with Vite's internal Rollup options. See [Rollup options docs](https://rollupjs.org/guide/en/#big-list-of-options) for more details.

::: tip Note

> If you specify `build.lib` but not `raw.rollupOptions.external`, Vite will automatically add all dependencies as external unless `build.lib.formats` contains `umd` or `iife`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify `build.lib` but not `raw.rollupOptions.external`, Vite will automatically add all dependencies as external unless the output format contains `umd` or `iife`.
```
We now take `rollupOptions.output` into account.
